[Music]
hi i'm remington from southern shoddy 3d
and today we're going to be learning how
to animate your first character if
you're like me you love creating
characters and imagine them in your own
little worlds with animation you can
finally bring your characters to life 3d
is difficult and aside from the fact
that there is another entire dimension
to worry about we also have all these
intimidating programs we have to learn
and in this course we'll cover the
basics of blender's user interface and
be moving at a pace that should be
comfortable for beginners this course
will provide a character rig for you to
use and animate i will also walk you
through places you can grab other
character rigs if you want to follow
along with a different character we'll
be creating this animation by the end of
the course 3d is a high demand right now
and since i've added it to my skill set
i found better higher paying clients i
think this course is great for anybody
who wants to explore 3d 3d artists game
devs or even animators looking to add 3d
to their skill set a little bit about me
i started as a motion graphics artist
working at small studios and agencies
and eventually worked my way up to
larger brands and tech companies now i
work at a social media giant out here in
silicon valley and i get to do character
animation every day i really love my job
and i believe that the skills in this
course could help you find your dream
creative job as well we'll not be
covering rigging in this course because
rigging is the process of adding
animation controls to your 3d model of
characters it's a highly technical
process that would demand an entire
course on its own if this is something
that interests you i'll link to some
free and paid resources in the resources
section i've also included a full
recording of my modeling and rigging
process if you're interested in watching
that as well i'm really excited to share
this project with you and i'm looking
forward to see what animations you
create from this course so let's get